Our next to do is to only plot data that
corresponds to the selected status codes.
So this is going to show us the power of
these inputs is that they allow the viewer
to decide what data they care about.
So, sometimes we make that decision for
whoever's looking at the visualization.
Sometimes it's us, so
we know what we care about.
But other times, especially if
we're building dashboards for
other people to use, we don't know exactly
what they're going to be drilling into and
so giving folks the option can
be really powerful technique.
So what we are going to do is
take our dot plat from before,
scroll up or we can grab the solution
from the solution button,
we're just going to control C it or
command C.
And come down and
paste it in to this cell right here.
And now what we're going to do,
is we are going to connect this
plot to the checkboxes that we just
set up with this selected codes value,
the array of checked values.
We are going to filter the data
coming into our plot to make sure
that it only displays data that
fits the selected status codes.
So that is your next mission
should you choose to except it,
should you not you can go get a coffee.
No, just kidding.
[LAUGH] We're all going to do it.
And again,
we can use our handy dandy good old friend
dot filter to filter down
the whole set of API log data to
make sure that it only actually
plots data that passes
the check against these checkboxes,
check puns.
So [LAUGH] Already,
there are some hints but
there are a few different ways
that you can tackle this.
So let's give it a shot and
see what we got